<div data-block-id="NF3TUCIL" data-callout-type="info" class="callout"><h4 data-block-id="X3Lyxsk1">INFO</h4><p data-block-id="ax-nKz2U" data-spacing="double">Contain the 'abstract' and plot of the entities of this iteration: Cassian and Vitus</p></div>

## ABOUT THE AU

**FULL: ***Becoming Human*?

The AU is centered around Cassian and Vitus and their adventures in Reality. Cass and Vi are this iteration's Destruction and Creation, respectively; self-named after their brief interaction with Latin and the internet.

Cass and Vi went further down the dimensions and ended up "interacting" with the 3rd dimension. They are not in direct line of sight and they cannot see further than what they usually see (lines and shit). They also don't manipulate space directly. They just hang out very close to it; still beyond the 3rd dimension.

The Leicester family has interacted with one of the previous iterations at some point and is blessed with the ability to sense the happenings of the dimensions beyond. Their Sparklines[^1] are largely tangled and close to the shape of their beings, which are highly recognizable to Cass and Vi. They are the first beings that the two recognise as somewhat similar, which ends up being what they first understood to be human.

Oh and they end up trying to become human physically to learn more and then interact with the Leicesters and realise the dystopian state their world is at and well... they capitalise on it and become nuisances. As much as they learn about morality, they still see themselves as inherently above humanity. They like what they understand to be humanity to an extent lol.

And shenanigans ensue.



## KEY TERMS

- *N*\-th dimension: The dimension of origin

    - occassionally referred to as `dim(R) = N` or `dim(R) = inf`

    - in this case `N` is a very big integer

- *3*\-rd dimension: Reality/Main world/Earth

    - ocassionally referred to as `dim(R) = 3`

- Sparklines: what Cass and Vi refer to the threads they "see" in the *N*\-th dimension

    - There is no concrete name for these lines.

    - If we were to observe it, the movements may represent how we understand energy conversion to be like, only displayed outright

    - These are not actual energies. Only manifestations mimicking it. We do not know what these are and they don't actually affect the real world.

    - For the most part, these lines are likely just visions of the real world, only viewed by beings who have no sense of sight and are beyond the 3D dimension obfuscated by multiple other dimensions.



## Important notes

- Divided into 3 main arcs, which end in the revolution of the system

- Cass and Vi have 2 choices:

    - stay in the human world where they stay impactful but essentially live the day-to-day life of humans, and nothing, and humans, and nothing, and--

        - (to be really fair, their time as human has proven to be a somewhat entertaining game. they can make their droll existence truly fascinating. It's more so whether things can *stay* interesting)

    - or ascend and fuse. It's a possibility they have been thinking about before the descent to the Nth dimension

        - hell, it is part of their promise to one another; know everything that we can know, and once we are bored, we fuse to see what's up.

        - it's largely due to Cassian's uncertainty that they delayed fusing.

- The latter ending is quite the disconnect from the main story, so I might end up doing either of the following:

    - discard the whole idea of studying the Nth dimension

    - or keep the main story and Nth dimension stories wholly separate

        - The main story includes the 3 arcs, which all involve relevant parties interacting

        - the Nth dimension stories act as a detached prequel:

            - more technical "handbook" style

            - includes quips and quotes, and dialogues from both

            - also covers their progression and how they stooped to 3rd dim.

        - the fusion ending happens significantly after the main ending (not long enough to be its own large story)



[^1]: Alternate word for [[VectorFields]]
